# Other map providers

Apart from the OpenStreetMap and Bing Maps, you can also render the maps from other map service providers by specifying `LayerType` as "**OSM**" and the URL generated by map provider in the `UrlTemplate` property. Here, Google maps is rendered. This provides customizable maps with your own content and imagery.

Refer to [Google maps licensing](https://developers.google.com/maps/terms#10-license-restrictions).

{% aspTab template="maps/map-providers/othermap", sourceFiles="othermap.cs" %}

{% endaspTab %}

## Zooming and panning

Tile maps layer can be zoomed and panned. Zooming helps to get a closer look at a particular area on a map for in-depth analysis. Panning helps to move a map around to focus the targeted area.

{% aspTab template="maps/map-providers/othermapzoom", sourceFiles="othermapzoom.cs" %}

{% endaspTab %}

## Adding markers and navigation line

Markers can be added to the layers of tile maps by setting the corresponding location's coordinates of latitude and longitude using `MarkerSettings` property. Navigation lines can be added on top of an tile maps layer for highlighting a path among various places by setting the corresponding location's coordinates of latitude and longitude in the `NavigationLineSettings` property.

{% aspTab template="maps/map-providers/othermapmarker", sourceFiles="othermapmarker.cs" %}

{% endaspTab %}

## Sublayer

Any GeoJSON shape can be rendered as a sublayer on top of the tile maps layer for highlighting a particular continent or country in tile maps by adding another layer and specifying the `Type` property of maps layer to "**SubLayer**".

{% aspTab template="maps/map-providers/othersublayer", sourceFiles="othersublayer.cs" %}

{% endaspTab %}